examples/helm-basic-example/README.md, before:

# Helm Basic Example

This folder contains a minimal helm chart to demonstrate how you can use Terratest to test your helm charts.

There are two kinds of tests you can perform on a helm chart:

- Helm Template tests are tests designed to test the logic of the templates. These tests should run `helm template` with
  various input values and parse the yaml to validate any logic embedded in the templates (e.g by reading them in using
  client-go). Since templates are not statically typed, the goal of these tests is to promote fast cycle time
- Helm Integration tests are tests that are designed to deploy the infrastructure and validate that it actually
  works as expected. If you consider the templates to be syntactic tests, these are semantic tests that validate the
  behavior of the deployed resources.

The helm chart deploys a single replica `Deployment` resource given the container image spec and a `Service` that
exposes it. This chart requires the `containerImageRepo` and `containerImageTag` input values.

See the corresponding terratest code for an example of how to test this chart:

- [helm_basic_example_template_test.go](/test/helm_basic_example_template_test.go): the template tests for this chart.
- [helm_basic_example_integration_test.go](/test/helm_basic_example_integration_test.go): the integration test for this
  chart. This test will deploy the Helm Chart and verify the `Service` endpoint.

## Running automated tests against this Helm Chart

1. Install and setup [helm](https://docs.helm.sh/using_helm/#installing-helm)
1. Install [Golang](https://golang.org/) and make sure this code is checked out into your `GOPATH`.
1. `cd test`
1. `dep ensure`
1. `go test -v -tags kubernetes -run TestHelmBasicExampleTemplate` for the template test
1. `go test -v -tags kubernetes -run TestHelmBasicExampleDeployment` for the integration test

**NOTE:** we have build tags to differentiate kubernetes tests from non-kubernetes tests. This is done because minikube
is heavy and can interfere with docker related tests in terratest. To avoid overloading the system, we run the
kubernetes tests separately from the others.

Commit message:

Use build tags to further separate helm tests

examples/helm-basic-example/README.md, after:

# Helm Basic Example

This folder contains a minimal helm chart to demonstrate how you can use Terratest to test your helm charts.

There are two kinds of tests you can perform on a helm chart:

- Helm Template tests are tests designed to test the logic of the templates. These tests should run `helm template` with
  various input values and parse the yaml to validate any logic embedded in the templates (e.g by reading them in using
  client-go). Since templates are not statically typed, the goal of these tests is to promote fast cycle time
- Helm Integration tests are tests that are designed to deploy the infrastructure and validate that it actually
  works as expected. If you consider the templates to be syntactic tests, these are semantic tests that validate the
  behavior of the deployed resources.

The helm chart deploys a single replica `Deployment` resource given the container image spec and a `Service` that
exposes it. This chart requires the `containerImageRepo` and `containerImageTag` input values.

See the corresponding terratest code for an example of how to test this chart:

- [helm_basic_example_template_test.go](/test/helm_basic_example_template_test.go): the template tests for this chart.
- [helm_basic_example_integration_test.go](/test/helm_basic_example_integration_test.go): the integration test for this
  chart. This test will deploy the Helm Chart and verify the `Service` endpoint.

## Running automated tests against this Helm Chart

1. Install and setup [helm](https://docs.helm.sh/using_helm/#installing-helm)
1. Install [Golang](https://golang.org/) and make sure this code is checked out into your `GOPATH`.
1. `cd test`
1. `dep ensure`
1. `go test -v -tags helm -run TestHelmBasicExampleTemplate` for the template test
1. `go test -v -tags helm -run TestHelmBasicExampleDeployment` for the integration test

**NOTE**: we have build tags to differentiate kubernetes tests from non-kubernetes tests, and further differentiate helm
tests. This is done because minikube is heavy and can interfere with docker related tests in terratest. Similarly, helm
can overload the minikube system and thus interfere with the other kubernetes tests. To avoid overloading the system, we
run the kubernetes tests and helm tests separately from the others.
